Added documentation for Salesforce Analytics 3.2 (#819)
mulesoft/docs-connectors: salesforce-analytics-cloud/3.2/modules/ROOT/pages/index.adoc

* Anypoint connectors
* Mule runtime engine (Mule)
* Elements in a Mule flow
* Global elements
* How to create a Mule app using Anypoint Studio

Before creating an app, you must have login credentials to test your connection to your target resource.

== POM File Information

The Apache Maven `pom.xml` file generated by Anypoint Studio contains dependencies for a Mule app. If you code a Mule app manually, include this XML snippet in your `pom.xml` file to enable access to this connector:

[source,xml,linenums]
----
<dependency>
  <groupId>com.mulesoft.connectors</groupId>
  <artifactId>mule-sfdc-analytics-connector</artifactId>
  <version>x.x.x</version>
  <classifier>mule-plugin</classifier>
</dependency>
----

Replace `x.x.x` with the version that corresponds to the connector you are using. 

To obtain the most up-to-date `pom.xml` file information:

. Go to https://www.mulesoft.com/exchange/[Anypoint Exchange].
. In Exchange, click *Login* and supply your Anypoint Platform username and password.
. In Exchange, search for `<connector-name>`.
. Select the connector.
. Click *Dependency Snippets* near the upper right of the screen.

== Connect in Design Center

> . In Design Center, click a trigger such as this connector as they trigger, HTTP Listener,or Scheduler trigger.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. In Design Center, click a trigger such as  HTTP Listener, or Scheduler trigger.
```

. To create an optional global element for the connector, you can choose from the following options. More information is provided in the sections that follow, and links to Salesforce documents are listed in the See Also section of this document.
+
* Required Parameters for Basic Username Password Authentication
* Required Parameters for the OAuth 2.0 Configuration
* Required Parameters for the OAuth 2.0 JWT Bearer Configuration
* Required Parameters for the OAuth 2.0 SAML Bearer Configuration
+
image::salesforce-analytics-choose-global-type.png[Choose Global Type]
+
. Select the plus sign to add a component.
. Select the connector as a component.

> . Configure these fields for Upload external data into new dataSet and start processing operation:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Configure these fields to upload external data into a new dataset and start the processing operation:
```

Reviewer: I'm not seeing the screenshot, if it shows as Upload then keep it as it is.

+
** Type +

> Type of the records to be inserted. You need to upload a JSON file representing the schema of the dataset to create.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Type of the records to insert. Select a JSON file representing the schema of the dataset to create.
```

** Records +

> Data sense expression; the records to be inserted

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Data sense expression; the records to insert.
```

** Operation +

> Which operation to use when you’re loading data into the dataset

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Which operation to use when you’re loading data into the dataset.
```

** Label
** Data Set Name
+
image::salesforce-analytics-upload-and-start.png[Upload and start processing]

=== Required Parameters for Basic Username Password Authentication

* Username +
Salesforce Einstein Analytics username
* Password +
Password that corresponds with the Salesforce Einstein Analytics username
* Security Token +
Corresponding security token

image::salesforce-analytics-dc-basic-auth.png[Basic Authentication]

=== Required Parameters for the OAuth 2.0 Configuration

* Consumer Key +
Consumer key for the Salesforce connected app.
* Consumer Secret +
Consumer secret for the connector to access Salesforce.

image::salesforce-analytics-dc-oauth.png[OAuth Authentication]

=== Required Parameters for the OAuth 2.0 JWT Bearer Configuration

* Consumer Key +
Consumer key for the Salesforce connected app
* Keystore File +
See <<generating-keystore,Generating a Keystore File>>
* Store Password +
Password for the keystore
* Principal +
Salesforce username 

image::salesforce-analytics-dc-jwt.png[JWT Bearer Configuration]

==== Required Parameters for the OAuth 2.0 SAML Bearer Configuration

* Consumer Key +
Consumer key for the Salesforce connected app.
* Keystore File +

> Path to the keystore used to sign data during authentication. NOTE: Only the Java keystore format is allowed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Path to the keystore used to sign data during authentication. Note that only the Java keystore format is allowed.
```

* Store Password +
Keystore password.
* Principal +
Salesforce username.

image::salesforce-analytics-saml.png[SAML Bearer Configuration]

[[generating-keystore]]
==== Generating a Keystore File

> The Keystore is the path to the keystore used to sign data during authentication. This example shows how to generate a JKS file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Keystore is the path to the keystore used to sign data during authentication. The following example shows how to generate a JKS file:
```

> To generate a keystore file:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

. Go to your Mule workspace, and open the command prompt (for Windows) or Terminal (for Mac).
. Type `keytool -genkeypair -alias salesforce-cert -keyalg RSA -keystore salesforce-cert.jks` and press enter.
. Enter the following details:
+

> ** Password for the keystore.
> ** Your first name and last name.
> ** Your organization unit.
> ** Name of your city, state, and the two letter code of your county.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
** Password for the keystore
** Your first name and last name
** Your organization unit
** Name of your city, state, and the two letter code of your county
```

+

> The system generates a java keystore file containing a private/public key pair in your workspace.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The system generates a Java keystore file containing a private or public key-pair in your workspace.
```

+
The system now exports the public key from the keystore into the workspace. This is the public key that you need to enter in your Salesforce instance.
+
. Verify that you have both the keystore (`salesforce-cert.jks`)
and the public key (`salesforce-cert.crt`) files in your workspace.

== Add the Connector in Studio

. In Studio, create a Mule project.
. In the Mule Palette view, click *(X) Search in Exchange*.
. In *Add Modules to Project*, type "analytics" in the search field.
. Click this connector's name in *Available modules*.
. Click *Add*.
. Click *Finish*.

=== Configure the Connector in Studio

. Drag the desired Salesforce Analytics operation to the Studio canvas.
. To create a global element for the connector, on the *General* tab, configure the authentication as described in the authentication sections.  
+
The following authentication connection types are available: +
+
* <<basic-authentication,Username Password>>
* <<oauth2,OAuth 2.0>>
* <<oauth2-jwt,OAuth 2.0 JWT>>
* <<oauth2-saml,OAuth 2.0 SAML Bearer>>
. Configure these fields to upload external data into new dataset and start the processing operation:
** Type +

> Type of the records to insert. Select a JSON file representing the schema of the dataset to be created.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Type of the records to insert. Select a JSON file representing the schema of the dataset to create.
```

** Records +

> DataSense expression (the records to be inserted).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
DataSense expression; the records to insert.
```

** Operation +
Specify the operation to use when you’re loading data into a dataset.
** Description
** Label
** Data Set Name
+
image::salesforce-analytics-studio-upload-and-start.png[Upload external data]

[[basic-authentication]]
=== Username Password

> Enter the following information on the *General* tab of the *Global Element Properties* screen to configure Basic authentication:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
On the *General* tab of the *Global Element Properties* screen, enter the following information to configure Basic authentication:
```

Reviewer: Same with the rest sections, but this is just me that I like to locate first the section and then the action...you can also leave it as it is.

Reviewer 2: I actually agree with you on that.

* *Username* +
Enter the Salesforce username.
* *Password* +
Enter the corresponding password.
* *Security Token* +
Enter the corresponding security token.

The following screenshot shows an example of configuring Basic authentication:

.Basic authentication fields
image::salesforce-analytics-basic.png[To configure authentication, select `Basic` in the *Connection* field and then complete the fields on the *General* tab.]

[[oauth2]]
=== OAuth 2.0

Enter the following information on the *General* tab of the *Global Element Properties* screen to configure OAuth 2.0 authentication:

* *Consumer Key* +
Consumer key for the Salesforce connected app.
* *Consumer Secret* +
Consumer secret for the connector to access Salesforce.

The following screenshot shows an example of configuring the OAuth 2.0 authentication:

.OAuth 2.0 authentication fields
image::salesforce-analytics-oauth.png[To configure authentication, select `OAuth 2.0` in the *Connection* field and then complete the fields on the *General* tab.]

[[oauth2-jwt]]
=== OAuth 2.0 JWT

Enter the following information on the *General* tab of the *Global Element Properties* screen to configure OAuth 2.0 JWT authentication:

> * *Consumer Key* +
> Consumer key for the Salesforce connected app
> * *Keystore File* +
> See <<generating-keystore,Generating a Keystore File>>
> * *Store Password* +
> Password for the keystore
> * *Principal* +
> Salesforce username 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* *Consumer Key* +
Consumer key for the Salesforce connected app.
* *Keystore File* +
See <<generating-keystore,Generating a Keystore File>>
* *Store Password* +
Password for the keystore.
* *Principal* +
Salesforce username.
```

Reviewer: Same with all the similar sections.

Reviewer 2: These aren't sentences, so no period for sentence fragments

* Uses an HTTP Listener as the input source.
* Configures a connection using a username, password, and the security token.
* Uses a Salesforce Analytics operation with the parameters to use.

The example that follows contains these components:

* HTTP Listener, which accepts data from HTTP requests.
* Transform Message, which provides the records input data required by Salesforce Einstein Analytics connector.

[source,dataweave,linenums]
----
%dw 2.0
---
output application/java
[
	{
		"Id": 1,
		"Country": "Country",
		"City": "City",
		"Year": 428742153,
		"Distance": 284644936,
		"Currencies":
		[
			"EUR",
			"USD"
		],
		"CreationDate": "20/12/2017" as Date {format: "dd/MM/yyyy"}
	},
	{
		"Id": 2,
		"Country": "Country",
		"City": "City",
		"Year": 1432651434,
		"Distance": 1336594394,
		"Currencies":
		[
			"EUR",
			"USD",
			"HUF"
		],
		"CreationDate": "20/12/2017" as Date {format: "dd/MM/yyyy"}
	}
]
----

* Salesforce Analytics Connector, which connects with Salesforce, and performs an operation to push data into Salesforce Einstein Analytics Cloud.

image::salesforce-analytics-studio-use-case.png[Use case]

== Use Case: XML

> Paste the XML code provided in this example into Anypoint Studio to experiment with the flow described in the previous section.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Paste the XML code provided in this example into the Configuration XML tab in Anypoint Studio to experiment with the flow described in the previous section.
```
